Sandstorm:
●	All Pokémon lose 5% of their max HP at the end of each turn, except Ground, Rock and Steel types.
●	The Special Defense of Rock-type Pokémon is increased by 50%. 
●	The power or healing effects of sunlight or moonlight based moves are halved.
Hail:
●	All Pokémon lose 5% of their max HP at the end of each turn, except Ice types.
●	The move blizzard will have infinite accuracy and also a 30% chance of ignoring move blocking moves, abilities, items.
●	The power or healing effects of sunlight or moonlight based moves are halved.
Rain:
●	The power of Water-type moves increases by 50%.
●	The power of Fire-type moves decreases by 50%.
●	The power or healing effects of sunlight or moonlight based moves and fire moves are halved.
●	Thunder and Hurricane have infinite accuracy.
●	Pokémon cannot be burnt.
Harsh Sunlight:
●	The power of Fire-type moves increases by 50%.
●	The power of Water-type moves decreases by 50%.
●	The accuracy of Thunder and Hurricane lowers to 50%.
●	Pokémon cannot be frozen.
●	Sunlight based moves won’t require charging.
●	Sunlight, moonlight based healing moves will heal 66%.
Heavy Rain:
●	Fire, Rock, Ground moves power become 0.
●	Water type moves power doubled.
●	Electric moves will have infinite accuracy and will always be super effective even on ground types.
●	Other effects are the same as in Rain.
●	It is a superior weather.
Extremely Harsh Sunlight:
●	Water, Ice, Bug moves power become 0.
●	Fire type moves power doubled and accuracy is infinite and will leave a foe severely burnt.
●	Other effects are the same as in Harsh sunlight.
●	It is a superior weather.
Snow Storm:
●	Every non-ice type takes 10% damage. This damage increases after every 2 rounds.
●	All water type moves become ice type.
●	Fire, flying, grass, ground, rock, bug, dragon type moves have power -50%.
●	Ice moves have 2x accuracy and 50% more power.
●	It is a superior weather.
Dune Storm:
●	All types except Rock, Ground & Steel take 10% damage every round and this damage increases by 10% after every 2 rounds.
●	Flying, fire moves are nullified & grass, bug, fairy, electric, water moves have power -50%. 
●	Ground moves have 2x accuracy and 50% more power.
●	It is a superior weather.
Delta Stream:
●	Not even superior weather can overtake this weather.
●	All types of moves except flying type moves have their power halved.
●	Flying pokemon’s speed is doubled.
●	It is a superior weather.